feat(calendar): add property `amount` to enable displaying multiple months (#4940)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/elements/calendar/readme.md

> The `<sbb-calendar>` component displays a calendar that allows the user to select a date.

Reviewer: Examples in this file need to be updated: 
selected => value

The `<sbb-calendar>` creates its own slots based on the month to be displayed;
during initialization, the month is the current one (if there's no `selected` date).
So for the first render, the slotted `<sbb-calendar-day>` elements must match that month.

> When using an `amount` greater than 1, additional `<sbb-calendar-day>` must be rendered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `amount` property can be used to display more than one month; in this case, additional `<sbb-calendar-day>` must be rendered
```

```

```ts
function monthChangeHandler(event: SbbMonthChangeEvent): void {
  const calendar = event.target;
  // Remove slotted days to keep the DOM clean.
  Array.from(calendar.children).forEach((e) => e.remove());
  // Add the new days
  for (const day of event.range) {
    const child = document.createElement('sbb-calendar-day');
    // The day.value property is the date in ISO8601 format,
    // the correct one for the `<sbb-calendar-day>`'s slot property.
    child.setAttribute('slot', day.value);
    calendar.appendChild(child);
  }
}
```

<!-- #endregion -->

### States

The `<sbb-calendar-day>` component has a `current` state, which is set if the slot name matches
the current day.

Also, it has other states based on the properties of the parent `<sbb-calendar>`.
The disabled and the crossed-out states are based on the value of the `min`, `max` and `dateFilter`

> properties, while the selected matches the parent `selected` properties, including the multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
properties, while the selected matches the parent `value` property, including the multiple
```
